the blind see the future hear the lame walk
these and other miracles promise us
two day jesus festival with pastor
henry mandala and as indicated on the billboard
for our miracle we go to summer
theater is true or false
we will soon find out the prayers there where the victories
who will be in line with life only
think on your resident prayer for
when will the healing lead you notice
it's your main she will be there for you almost
just tell me what the hall knew .
that once again the group felt sorry for him
I already say hello and with what
the goal you came to the festival today
jesus
it became interesting
stories I would be women only or
you can settle
look at
do not touch do not touch lower
before God you have rights or how
to get behind the guys come
if this one shoots something
until tomorrow you put something on the Internet
so incomprehensible with the imposition not its
understand you see already in the distorted
give if if you come now
Chernihiv television with which we are
we see that this is really
understand and a m that these are some inscriptions
you have no idea where I am
all of my external uneasily at
us the first time if a person would suggest
their we if we do not allow people to smooth the surface
excuse my leaves with any company we
beat someone okay, understand and
will come back if you in advance we said we
you knew you would be advised to simply
presidents it is like christ
Borisik not curled and cities will be able to have
we have fun together we have you talked
university liftersha can wear this here
operators korean companies it somehow
highly
daedra ends of our circus more and you
invited blue-eyed television
regional television
and if they wanted to come you
today just the same thing we sent
I am very close to tili unusual they
come tomorrow child is very close not
okay tomorrow you again have a pair
flies we can open the dish tomorrow
hardware all amateur which
comes from eat even if everyone came
filmed on the phone and showed it
Gilligan
phones please color them when
are watching
this is your video camera then you start
youtube spread but that's all
so you can eat well
regulations all the festival its position
rule because we were promised to show
rules rules i still haven't
seen on him there is it no longer from me
depends on
well we were told that units now
the video will come to you and he will give you all the rules
until tomorrow we can come in an hour or two
today to arrange a matrix meeting
let me now
agents
today I managed to shoot the festival
how are you asked to go out
what a pity of course but we were promised that
we can come tomorrow we will come and
take off this miracle